docs: fix semantic version link (#11139)
ethereum/solidity: docs/layout-of-source-files.rst

compiler is not fixed, so that bugfix releases are still possible.

It is possible to specify more complex rules for the compiler version,

> these follow the same syntax used by `npm <https://docs.npmjs.com/about-semantic-versioning>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these follow the same syntax used by `npm <https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/using-npm/semver>`_.
```

> these follow the same syntax used by `npm <https://docs.npmjs.com/about-semantic-versioning>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these follow the same syntax used by `npm <https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/using-npm/semver>`_.
```
